Update Firewall SNAT ports limit 1024 -> 2496 (#87375)
Azure/azure-content: articles/firewall/overview.md

|Outbound SMTP traffic on TCP port 25 is blocked|Outbound email messages that are sent directly to external domains (like `outlook.com` and `gmail.com`) on TCP port 25 are blocked by Azure Firewall. This is the default platform behavior in Azure. |Use authenticated SMTP relay services, which typically connect through TCP port 587, but also supports other ports.  For more information, see [Troubleshoot outbound SMTP connectivity problems in Azure](../virtual-network/troubleshoot-outbound-smtp-connectivity.md). Currently, Azure Firewall may be able to communicate to public IPs by using outbound TCP 25, but it's not guaranteed to work, and it's not supported for all subscription types. For private IPs like virtual networks, VPNs, and Azure ExpressRoute, Azure Firewall supports an outbound connection of TCP port 25.

> |SNAT port exhaustion|Azure Firewall currently supports 2496 ports per Public IP address per backend virtual machine scale set instance. By default, there are two virtual machine scale set instances.|This is an SLB limitation and we are constantly looking for opportunities to increase the limits. In the meantime, it is recommended to configure Azure Firewall deployments with a minimum of five public IP addresses for deployments susceptible to SNAT exhaustion. This increases the SNAT ports available by five times. Allocate from an IP address prefix to simplify downstream permissions.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|SNAT port exhaustion|Azure Firewall currently supports 2496 ports per Public IP address per backend virtual machine scale set instance. By default, there are two virtual machine scale set instances. So, there are 4992 ports per flow (destination IP, destination port and protocol (TCP or UDP).  The firewall scales up to a maximum of 20 instances. |This is a platform limitation. You can work around the limits by configuring Azure Firewall deployments with a minimum of five public IP addresses for deployments susceptible to SNAT exhaustion. This increases the SNAT ports available by five times. Allocate from an IP address prefix to simplify downstream permissions. For a more permanent solution, you can deploy a NAT gateway to overcome the SNAT port limits. This approach is supported for VNET deployments. 
 For more information, see [Scale SNAT ports with Azure Virtual Network NAT](integrate-with-nat-gateway.md).|
```
